# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
# 
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

title: "ome_configuration_baseline resource"
linkTitle: "ome_configuration_baseline"
page_title: "ome_configuration_baseline Resource - terraform-provider-ome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing configuration baselines on OpenManage Enterprise. Updates are supported for all the parameters. When schedule is true, following parameters are considered: notify_on_schedule, cron, email_addresses, output_format
---

# ome_configuration_baseline (Resource)

Resource for managing configuration baselines on OpenManage Enterprise. Updates are supported for all the parameters. When `schedule` is `true`, following parameters are considered: `notify_on_schedule`, `cron`, `email_addresses`, `output_format`


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage baseline using Device Servicetags
resource "ome_configuration_baseline" "baseline_name" {
	baseline_name = "Baseline Name"
	device_servicetags = ["MXL1234","MXL1235"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `baseline_name` (String) Name of the Baseline.

### Optional

- `cron` (String) Cron expression for notification schedule.
- `description` (String) Description of the baseline.
- `device_ids` (Set of Number) List of the device id on which the baseline compliance needs to be run.
- `device_servicetags` (Set of String) List of the device servicetag on which the baseline compliance needs to be run.
- `email_addresses` (Set of String) Email addresses for notification.
- `job_retry_count` (Number) Number of times the job has to be polled to get the final status of the resource.
- `notify_on_schedule` (Boolean) Schedule notification via cron or any time the baseline becomes non-compliant.
- `output_format` (String) Output format type, the input is case senitive.
- `ref_template_id` (Number) Reference template ID.
- `ref_template_name` (String) Reference template name.
- `schedule` (Boolean) Schedule notification via email.
- `sleep_interval` (Number) Sleep time interval for job polling in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) ID of the resource.
- `task_id` (Number) Task id associated with baseline.

