---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ome_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-ome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing template deployment on OpenManage Enterprise. Updates are supported for the following parameters: device_ids, device_servicetags, boot_to_network_iso, forced_shutdown, options_time_to_wait_before_shutdown, power_state_off, options_precheck_only, options_strict_checking_vlan, options_continue_on_warning, run_later, cron, device_attributes, job_retry_count, sleep_interval.
---

# ome_deployment (Resource)

Resource for managing template deployment on OpenManage Enterprise. Updates are supported for the following parameters: `device_ids`, `device_servicetags`, `boot_to_network_iso`, `forced_shutdown`, `options_time_to_wait_before_shutdown`, `power_state_off`, `options_precheck_only`, `options_strict_checking_vlan`, `options_continue_on_warning`, `run_later`, `cron`, `device_attributes`, `job_retry_count`, `sleep_interval`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Deploy template using Device Service tags
resource "ome_deployment" "deploy-template-1" {
	template_name = "deploy-template-1"
	device_servicetags = ["MXL1234","MXL1235"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `boot_to_network_iso` (Object) Boot To Network ISO deployment details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_to_network_iso))
- `cron` (String) Cron to schedule the deployment task. Cron expression should be of future datetime.
- `device_attributes` (List of Object) List of template attributes associated with the target devices for deploymnent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_attributes))
- `device_ids` (Set of Number) List of the device id(s).
- `device_servicetags` (Set of String) List of the device servicetags.
- `forced_shutdown` (Boolean) Force shutdown after deployment.
- `job_retry_count` (Number) Number of times the job has to be polled to get the final status of the resource.
- `options_continue_on_warning` (Boolean) Continue to run the job on warnings.
- `options_precheck_only` (Boolean) Option to precheck
- `options_strict_checking_vlan` (Boolean) Checks the strict association of vlan.
- `options_time_to_wait_before_shutdown` (Number) Option to specify the time to wait before shutdown in seconds. Default and minimum value is 300 and maximum is 3600 seconds respectively.
- `power_state_off` (Boolean) End power state of a target devices. Default power state is ON. Make it true to switch it to OFF state.
- `run_later` (Boolean) Provides options to schedule the deployment task immediately, or at a specified time.
- `sleep_interval` (Number) Sleep time interval for job polling in seconds.
- `template_id` (Number) ID of the existing template.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the existing template.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--boot_to_network_iso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_to_network_iso`

Optional:

- `boot_to_network` (Boolean)
- `iso_path` (String)
- `iso_timeout` (Number)
- `share_detail` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--boot_to_network_iso--share_detail))
- `share_type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--boot_to_network_iso--share_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_to_network_iso.share_detail`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `share_name` (String)
- `user` (String)
- `work_group` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--device_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_attributes`

Optional:

- `attributes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--device_attributes--attributes))
- `device_servicetags` (Set of String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--device_attributes--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_attributes.attributes`

Optional:

- `attribute_id` (Number)
- `display_name` (String)
- `is_ignored` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)


