---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
# 
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "ome_template resource"
linkTitle: "ome_template"
page_title: "ome_template Resource - terraform-provider-ome"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing template on OpenManage Enterprise.
---

# ome_template (Resource)

Resource for managing template on OpenManage Enterprise.

~> **Note:** Exactly one of `reftemplate_name`, `refdevice_id`, `refdevice_servicetag` and `content` are required. 
Only one of these fields can be set.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# create a template with reference device.
resource "ome_template" "template_2" {
  name = "template_2"
  refdevice_servicetag = "MXL1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the template resource.

### Optional

- `attributes` (List of Object) List of attributes associated with a template. This field is ignored while creating a template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes))
- `content` (String) The XML content of template. Cannot be updated.
- `description` (String) Description of the template
- `device_type` (String) OME template device type, supported types are Server, Chassis. Cannot be updated and is applicable only for importing xml. Valid values are `Server` and `Chassis`. Default value is `Server`.
- `fqdds` (String) Comma seperated values of components from a specified server. Valid values are `iDRAC`, `System`, `BIOS`, `NIC`, `LifeCycleController`, `RAID`, `EventFilters` and `All`. Default value is `All`. Cannot be updated.
- `identity_pool_name` (String) Identity Pool name to be attached with template.
- `job_retry_count` (Number) Number of times the job has to be polled to get the final status of the resource. Default value is `5`.
- `refdevice_id` (Number) Target device id from which the template needs to be created. Cannot be updated.
- `refdevice_servicetag` (String) Target device servicetag from which the template needs to be created. Cannot be updated.
- `reftemplate_name` (String) Reference Template name from which the template needs to be cloned. Cannot be updated.
- `sleep_interval` (Number) Sleep time interval for job polling in seconds. Default value is `30`.
- `view_type` (String) OME template view type. Valid values are `Deployment` and `Compliance`. Default value is `Deployment`. Cannot be updated.
- `vlan` (Object) VLAN details to be attached with template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vlan))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the template resource.
- `identity_pool_id` (Number) ID of the Identity Pool attached with template.
- `view_type_id` (Number) OME template view type id.

<a id="nestedatt--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Optional:

- `attribute_id` (Number)
- `display_name` (String)
- `is_ignored` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--vlan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlan`

Optional:

- `bonding_technology` (String)
- `propogate_vlan` (Boolean)
- `vlan_attributes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vlan--vlan_attributes))

<a id="nestedobjatt--vlan--vlan_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlan.vlan_attributes`

Optional:

- `is_nic_bonded` (Boolean)
- `nic_identifier` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `tagged_networks` (Set of Number)
- `untagged_network` (Number)

